Return to the <a href="https://project-herophilus.github.io/Project-Herophilus-Assets/" target="_blank">Main Page</a>

## General Background
For far too long healthcare has struggled with the basic task of accessing information quickly to help drive better business decisions and capabilities. The typical focus across the industry is limited to software providers enabling access to data within their products, via some form of integration services, or canned reports or report builder. However, there is an increasing demand for near real-time data access holistically across the organization or several organizations. For many, data integration continues to be a very frustrating and expensive undertaking. Over the last decade, the importance of relevant, timely, and accurate data has grown substantially based on the current landscape shifts involving:

* Increasing mandates: at varying levels (Federal, State, Province, etc.) or changes in funding or contractual obligations.
* Healthcare comeptition: Companies that are competitors are now also aligning as partners. This can be due to acquisition(s), the shift into different market areas, contracts or various other drivers. 
* Innovation: There is a increasing need for companies to become more "friendly" whether that be technical or consumer based. Business is demanding more results and quicker!!!!
* "Cloud": Whether it is the healthcare and life sciences companies or the vendors that support them, the Cloud is continuing to see growing adoption with varying forms of usage and implementations.

<br/>
Because of these transformational changes, whether you are in the administrative, clinical, financial, or life sciences areas of healthcare, information can no longer be the struggle that it has been. More than ever it is now an integral part of the healthcare business. As part of our effort, we wanted to ensure a focus around bringing the best capabilities to bear with the leading open-source platforms available. We believe it is time for data to be viewed as THE asset, driver, and innovation enabler. Now is the time for Intelligent DaaS (Data as a Service). It was born in January 2020 and designed as a means to help showcase how Red Hat's culture and technologies can enable healthcare and solve real-world problems. Intelligent DaaS (Data as a Service) can be viewed as many things due to all the capabilities it enables. Most importantly for us Intelligent DaaS (Data as a Service) is all about introducing innovation through reusable frameworks, design patterns, and implementations that will enable organizations to quickly start driving value with information. Intelligent DaaS (Data as a Service) is about enabling organizations to make data a product and build assets on top of it. Because <b>"Data is the asset!!!"</b> Intelligent DaaS (Data as a Service) is about enabling information for knowledge that can be used for action in a secure and scalable manner. Intelligent DaaS (Data as a Service) is a powerful set of healthcare industry design patterns/frameworks that is a blueprint for connecting, processing, and leveraging clinical, financial, life sciences, and other needed data at scale to build solutions for today and tomorrow. The ONLY limitation is your imagination and connecting to the data!!!!
